Symbols:	White, Black, Chaos, Nature, Power
			[F]    [B]    [C]    [V]     [G]

Mission Statement:
	Prevent the arms race.  Mages are NOT immortal.  They are very capable and powerful, but not OVERPOWERED.  Further, they should still fear death.
	The player, even the most advanced mage, should not feel immortal.  There should be ample challenge.  Game play without challenge is BORING.
	Minecraft poses a lot of challenges by default, this mod should make those challenges stand out and provide unique solutions, but not a panacea.
	
	Trade offs are key, donning a wand and a wizard suit should open you up to physical damage, but enhance your offensive and utility capabilities.
	The player must make choices that are not obvious.  A black magi should be feared for his ability to cause untold destruction, but the brighter
	the candle, the faster it burns.  White magi are the greatest of allies, but alone they do not stand.
			
			
Systems:
	
	NAME								STATUS											NOTES
	Incantation System					IMPLEMENTED										The symbol animations need to be polished.  The global cool downs need to be balanced
																						(and it needs to have some on screen representation.)  Hotkeys might need to be remapped.
	Spell Cool Downs					PLANNING STAGE									Each spell should have it's own cool down.  This needs to be displayed on screen in the
																						form of spell icons with a clock-wipe (and probably a scale/fade out).
	Cast Feedback						PLANNING STAGE									Maybe put the cast messages directly in the chat box?  Probably.
	Wands and Armor						PLANNING STAGE									School specific buffs for wearing a full set (ie, full black magi robes gives you special
																						effects on black-magic spells.)  Each individual piece increases your mana pool.  Wearing
																						mix-and-match set pieces increases your spell intensity in each school you are wearing
																						roughly proportionately.
																						Toying around with the idea of the last spell cast by a wand before it breaks being super
																						powerful.
																						Wooden wand has set durability.  Each tier of wand above it comes with increasingly faster
																						self-repair, although the best self-repair should still be fairly slow.
	Mana								PLANNING STAGE									Needs to be planned out.
	Places of Power						PLANNING STAGE									Needs to be planned out.
	Curse/debuff System					PRE-PLANNING STAGE								Needs to be decided if it will be included or not.
	In-game Spell Browser				PLANNING STAGE									No idea how this should be done yet.  A book is the classic example but is not super 
																						user friendly.  It would be nice to have some kind of "mage training" or something to 
																						guide the player towards learning the spells as second nature.
	Progression System					PRE-PLANNING STAGE								Not sure if this is needed, but it would keep the mod interesting for survival players.
																						On the other hand it would impede battle style play such as in "The Walls."  Coming up
																						with a system that satisfies both use cases would be really nice.
	Mod Wiki							PLANNING STAGE									Needs to be done.  Will have a list of all the spells, their runes, mana cost, short
																						description.  Same for basically everything else in the mod too.
	Git Repo							DO IT..NOW!										You should really take the time to set this up already you dummy.
	Sound System						PLANNING STAGE									Sounds are needed to emphasis when a spell is successfully cast or fizzles out.  Probably
																						for flavour in other areas too but use sparingly.
	
Spells:

	NAME								STATUS											NOTES
	Artillery Cattle					IMPLEMENTED										Needs some balancing, the time-bomb portion is probably way too strong.  One possible
																						solution is to make it anti-air, where the explosion strength is really low close to
																						the ground, but increases as it gets higher up in the sky.  It would be very hard to
																						hit air units but it would do a lot of damage, so maybe balanced.
	Chaos Gust							PLLANNING										Sends a 360-degree gust of air outward from the player, knocking entities back and
																						dealing a marginal amount of damage.
	Illuminate							IMPLEMENTED										Needs work on the algorithm to achieve spreading the lights out a bit better (as to
																						reduce the # of lights required for a good effect.)  Less lights = less lag.
																						The proper implementation is probably to determine the ceilings/floor/walls and place
																						lights sparsely along those (no point in having lights in the open where they aren't
																						visible.)  Maybe make all the lights disappear at the same time for lag reasons too.
	Teleport							PLANNING										A short-ranged teleport that can go through walls.  Will need a custom ray tracer.
																						This will work by trying to move you the FULL distance first, and if that is obstructed
																						work its way back towards you.  Will have a minimum distance it must go before it works.
	Wall								PLANNING										Constructs a temporary glass wall 3x1 (bigger with higher intensity) in front and
																						perpendicular to the player.  It disintegrates over time, piece by piece.



CREDITS:

	General Mentions:
		#minecraftforge @ esper.net IRC - general helpfulness and motivation
		diesieben07	- super knowledgeable and an invaluable help for figuring out some of the arcane bits of forge.

	Spells:
		Artillery Cattle: ThePsionic, Zaggy1024 - came up with the idea.